Update NEE paper link (#285)
The-Strategy-Unit/nhp_project_information: user_guide/FAQ.qmd

## Do the activity mitigators account for virtual wards?

Yes, we are introducing a new virtual wards mitigator from May. Information about all the mitigators is available [here](../modelling_methodology/activity_mitigators/inpatient_activity_mitigators.qmd).

## Which mitigators should be prioritised when setting assumptions?

The 20 mitigators associated with the highest levels of healthcare activity are listed in a table within the inputs app ('Summary table'). While all activity mitigators should be considered, this table can help users prioritise which mitigators to spend more time forecasting.

## Can a list of all the activity mitigators be downloaded?

Yes, this is available from the [mitigators lookup page](mitigators_lookup.qmd). Where needed, users can 'Print to PDF' any of the pages with activity mitigator information. This will include the charts showing trend/peer comparison information.

## What is the National Elicitation Exercise (NEE)?

> Subject matter experts were invited to provide forecasts about future hospital activity using an evidence-based elicitation exercise. The methodology and outcome has been [published in an open-access journal](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/39366712/). In the inputs app, the aggregated forecasts from the exercise are presented for 77 activity mitigators. They provide a useful 'outside' view but should not be interpreted as an expectation of what can be achieved locally.

Reviewer: Let's use the DOI instead - more stable

```suggestion
Subject matter experts were invited to provide forecasts about future hospital activity using an evidence-based elicitation exercise. The methodology and outcome has been [published in an open-access journal](https://doi.org/10.1136/bmjopen-2024-084632). In the inputs app, the aggregated forecasts from the exercise are presented for 77 activity mitigators. They provide a useful 'outside' view but should not be interpreted as an expectation of what can be achieved locally.
```

Author: This is why we need a librarian! 📚
